update metadata references for lowercase sku change (#420)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/setup/seo/indexing.mdx

This is to include the SEO relevant `urlKey` parameter and the `SKU` which is needed to perform Catalog Service queries. Feel free to customize the format as needed. You might need to do advanced customization on the CDN.

:::note

> The Commerce boilerplate now enforces lowercase SKUs in all product URLs for improved SEO and consistency. This change affects how product links are generated and requires attention for sites with uppercase SKUs.

Reviewer: In this context, we should reference https://www.aem.live/docs/limits#document-naming-restrictions and probably also mention that SKUs should only contain `a-z0-9-`. I saw some customers which had whitespaces in their SKUs. That's not supported either.

> The Commerce boilerplate now enforces lowercase SKUs in all product URLs for improved SEO and consistency. This change affects how product links are generated and requires attention for sites with uppercase SKUs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Commerce boilerplate enforces lowercase SKUs in all product URLs to ensure canonical consistency and comply with Edge Delivery Services [document naming restrictions](https://www.aem.live/docs/limits#document-naming-restrictions); SKUs must contain only `a-z`, `0-9`, `-`, and `.` (whitespace and other characters are not supported).
```
